Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#44896)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Changelog entry (a user-readable short description of the changes that goes to CHANGELOG.md):
...

> ### Documentation entry (a user-readable short description of the changes that goes to docs.clickhouse.com):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Documentation entry (for user-visible features and improvements, a short description of the changes that goes to docs.clickhouse.com):
```

> Motivation: Why is this function, tabe engine, etc. useful to ClickHouse users?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Motivation: Why is this SQL clause, function, table engine, etc. useful to ClickHouse users?
```

> Parameters: If the feature being added takes arguments, please list the arguments and options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters: If the feature being added takes arguments, options or is influenced by settings, please list them below with a brief explanation.
```

> Example use: A query or command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example use: A query or command.

Alternatively, you can directly edit documentation source files in the "docs" folder with the same pull-request as code changes.
```
